notes.md, before:

# Octans

# Week 3 Notes
# 
## To Do
* Team lead: Report to Beau about how the Kaggle competition went. How did the team meeting go
* Meeting with plan how to approach 'getting data' task

Questions:
1. Industry of clients? Time zone they are located ? What is the background of the client.
2. What information do the client's have about our teams? 
3. What are the expectations the client's have? Is this written out somewhere ?
4. What are criterias for diseases whose treatment is not advancing ? Ratio of Funding/ patent?
<!--5. As we have access to scientific literature (I got a unviersity account), can we advice that the company has -->

# General information on client project
Client's are early start startups. Some clients don't yet have data. Two different client projects, lasting a couple of weeks. The output should be exploratory-type projects/products. 

# Method- Method
Ways to approach data science pipelines: Crisp DN; Business Sciences
*Process is always iterative. It is not a linear process*

Steps:
1. What is your data? Where is it located ? What data do you need ? What data can answer the business question?
2. Explore the data: formal EDA, 
3. Formulate a Data science questions: Reformulate businss Q in a data science construct. Using DS terms. Draw analytical framework. Keep in mind the that you can get more data to answer the Q or adapt the DSQ (Data science Question) to answer the BQ
4. Preprocess data for model building: EDA, feature engineering
5. Modeling/ Analysis: Go back to data, Q and preprocessing until you have an answer that you like
6. Present results: Dashboard, report, ppt, product.

# Client Information
- parkinson disease treated with light therapy and not pharmaceutical treatment. 
- Looking for: broader tool that can help in other medical device startups to identify market trends and areas that are ready for (technological ?) innovations
- Not much radical innovation in treatment of parkinson disease
## Data science aspect:
What diseases have not seen a breakthrough in treatment. Meaning that a disease is treated without much success (?) for several years (+10?), but no breakthrough in treatment has been reported. A disease is treated without succcess if it only delays dying, i.e., the symptoms are reduced but not removed. 
- Involves an LP (?), a data visualization, predictive machine learning

Task:
- What data sources are available
- How to access them?
- What data is there

Commit message:

chris, added a question, corrected some spelling

notes.md, after:

# Octans

# Week 3 Notes
#
## To Do
* Team lead: Report to Beau about how the Kaggle competition went. How did the team meeting go
* Meeting with plan how to approach 'getting data' task

Questions:
1. Industry of clients? Time zone they are located ? What is the background of the client.
2. What information do the client's have about our teams?
3. What are the expectations the client's have? Is this written out somewhere ?
4. What are criteria for diseases whose treatment is not advancing ? Ratio of Funding/ patent?
<!--5. As we have access to scientific literature (I got a unviersity account), can we advice that the company has -->
5. (Chris) How do we test the model? What is our positive and negative control?

# General information on client project
Client's are early start startups. Some clients don't yet have data. Two different client projects, lasting a couple of weeks. The output should be exploratory-type projects/products.

# Method- Method
Ways to approach data science pipelines: Crisp DN; Business Sciences
*Process is always iterative. It is not a linear process*

Steps:
1. What is your data? Where is it located ? What data do you need ? What data can answer the business question?
2. Explore the data: formal EDA,
3. Formulate a Data science questions: Reformulate businss Q in a data science construct. Using DS terms. Draw analytical framework. Keep in mind the that you can get more data to answer the Q or adapt the DSQ (Data science Question) to answer the BQ
4. Preprocess data for model building: EDA, feature engineering
5. Modeling/ Analysis: Go back to data, Q and preprocessing until you have an answer that you like
6. Present results: Dashboard, report, ppt, product.

# Client Information
- parkinson disease treated with light therapy and not pharmaceutical treatment.
- Looking for: broader tool that can help in other medical device startups to identify market trends and areas that are ready for (technological ?) innovations
- Not much radical innovation in treatment of parkinson disease
## Data science aspect:
What diseases have not seen a breakthrough in treatment. Meaning that a disease is treated without much success (?) for several years (+10?), but no breakthrough in treatment has been reported. A disease is treated without success if it only delays dying, i.e., the symptoms are reduced but not removed.
- Involves Natural Language Processing (NLP), data visualization, predictive machine learning

Task:
- What data sources are available
- How to access them?
- What data is there
